he's come out of nowhere and we don't
know who he is what do we know about him
he's leading desperate people so this is
the cult we don't know who he's
associated with he could be creating an
army or he could be leading them to
their death what are you doing in Syria
delivering a message
in my central
my father
who's lost it what do you mean he just
disappears no one just disappears we all
witnessed you need to see this bury it
for as long as you can
he didn't just click his heels in it up
here he clearly had help you get around
Syria Israel access to nature woman and
what is that work consequence what do
you think here you didn't see what I saw
and if I did would I be calling in the
second coming how far will this new
movement spread
I'm going to find out everything about
you
this is bigger than what you can imagine